README.md, before:

# Tao Mod Manager

<div align='center'>

![Tao Mod Manager Icon](/build/icon.png)

</div>

Tao Mod Manager is a Desktop App to manage easily Models in Genshin Impact.

This desktop app uses [GI-Model-Importer](https://github.com/SilentNightSound/GI-Model-Importer) underground.

Coming soon website & User's guide...

**DISCLAIMER: Strongly recommended only using private servers for modding. Using these tools on official Genshin servers carries a high risk of being banned. I do not condone the use of these tools and programs on official servers, and take no responsibility for any consequences as a result if you do.**

## Installation

Tao Mod Manager's only avaiable for Windows systems. We recommend always install the [latest](https://github.com/Tomhuel/TaoModManager/releases/latest) version. But you can install any version from [releases](https://github.com/Tomhuel/TaoModManager/releases)

## Technologies

We made this desktop app with:

- TypeScript
- Svelte
- ElectronJS
- GI Model Importer

## Authors

Design:
- [Tomhuel](https://github.com/Tomhuel)
- [dmf347](https://github.com/dmf347)

UX:
- [Tomhuel](https://github.com/Tomhuel)
- [dmf347](https://github.com/dmf347)

Coding:
- [Tomhuel](https://github.com/Tomhuel)

Loader:
- [GI-Model-Importer](https://github.com/SilentNightSound/GI-Model-Importer) by [SilentNightSoind](https://github.com/SilentNightSound)

Commit message:

docs(How to use guide)

README.md, after:

# Tao Mod Manager

<div align='center'>

![Tao Mod Manager Icon](/build/icon.png)

</div>

Tao Mod Manager is a Desktop App to manage easily Models in Genshin Impact.

This desktop app uses [GI-Model-Importer](https://github.com/SilentNightSound/GI-Model-Importer) underground.

Coming soon website & User's guide...



**DISCLAIMER: Strongly recommended only using private servers for modding. Using these tools on official Genshin servers carries a high risk of being banned. I do not condone the use of these tools and programs on official servers, and take no responsibility for any consequences as a result if you do.**

## Installation

Tao Mod Manager's only avaiable for Windows systems. We recommend always install the [latest](https://github.com/Tomhuel/TaoModManager/releases/latest) version. But you can install any version from [releases](https://github.com/Tomhuel/TaoModManager/releases)

## How to use

Access to the guide for [setting up and how to use Tao Mod Manager](./docs/markdown/how-to-use.md)


## Technologies

We made this desktop app with:

- TypeScript
- Svelte
- ElectronJS
- GI Model Importer

## Authors

Design:
- [Tomhuel](https://github.com/Tomhuel)
- [dmf347](https://github.com/dmf347)

UX:
- [Tomhuel](https://github.com/Tomhuel)
- [dmf347](https://github.com/dmf347)

Coding:
- [Tomhuel](https://github.com/Tomhuel)

Loader:
- [GI-Model-Importer](https://github.com/SilentNightSound/GI-Model-Importer) by [SilentNightSoind](https://github.com/SilentNightSound)
